Update docs for TreeDataGrid 12. (#924)
AvaloniaUI/avalonia-docs: controls/data-display/structured-data/treedatagrid/breaking-changes-v12.md

        o.IsTextSearchEnabled = true;
    })
    .WithTemplateColumnFromResourceKeys("Region", "RegionCell", "RegionEditCell")
    .WithTextColumn(x => x.Population, o => o.Width = new GridLength(3, GridUnitType.Star))
    .WithTextColumn(x => x.Area, o => o.Width = new GridLength(3, GridUnitType.Star));
```

## Column options

Column options classes have been replaced with top-level `*CreateOptions` classes,
configured via a lambda callback on the fluent methods:

| 11.x | 12.x |
|---|---|
| `ColumnOptions<TModel>` | `ColumnCreateOptions` |
| `TextColumnOptions<TModel>` | `TextColumnCreateOptions` |
| `TemplateColumnOptions<TModel>` | `TemplateColumnCreateOptions` |
| `CheckBoxColumnOptions<TModel>` | `CheckBoxColumnCreateOptions` |

```diff
-new TextColumn<Country, string>(
-    "Country",
-    x => x.Name,
-    options: new TextColumnOptions<Country>
-    {
-        CanUserResizeColumn = false,
-        IsTextSearchEnabled = true,
-    })
+source.WithTextColumn("Country", x => x.Name, o =>
+{
+    o.CanUserResize = false;
+    o.IsTextSearchEnabled = true;
+})
```

The `CanUserResizeColumn` property has been renamed to `CanUserResize`.

> Note that `IsTextSearchEnabled` on `TextColumnCreateOptions` now defaults to `true` (it was

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`IsTextSearchEnabled` on `TextColumnCreateOptions` now defaults to `true`. Previously, it was
```

`false` in 11.x). If you do not want text search on a text column, you must now explicitly
disable it:

```csharp
source.WithTextColumn("Name", x => x.Name, o => o.IsTextSearchEnabled = false)
```

## Interfaces replaced with abstract classes

The major interfaces in the TreeDataGrid API have been replaced with abstract classes:

> | 11.x | 12.x |

Reviewer: As above - I suggest rearranging the grid and its content as `| 12.x | Replaces |`.
